Subj:	Additional Business Locations
Date:	09/13/2000 6:09:31 AM Eastern Daylight Time
From:	HOST ANT Aradia
To:	HOST ANT Paradox
Sent on:	AOL 5.0 for Windows sub 118

Vordenburg Casino - Owner GuinevereF
Located on N. Bayou Coast Parkway
less then a mile from
the Bayou Bridge

Silver Beads - Owner S Dagenar
341 North Ave.
Isle Voletta, LA 70186
Between Poinsetta Rd. and Chapeav Ct.

The Syndicate - Owner NeilSkylord
It's at the corner of  Veils Beach Drive & Billaud Dr 

Voletta Outreach Center - Owner Laric K Pescai
is located on the southwest corner of the intersection of Rosewood Drive and Main Street.  The church faces East and ocupies the entire corner lot (aproximately 10,000 sq. ft.).   

Lunar Bluez Cafe - Owner JoaqunStar
Located on Lunar Lane (not Lunar avenue, as per the old map), and been in business since May 1996.

Holy Grounds - Owner Malcom McVey 
Holy Grounds is at the end of a dead end street, right against the swamp itself . . .  last house on the very end of Main Street, in between Lane Circle Court (west and east).

Paradise Pier - Owner Siegfried Galian
Located on a small road (Paradise Place) off of the Voletta Coast Parkway.  The road is very small, and its only purpose is to lead into the Pier's parking lot.  The boardwalk seperates the paved parking lot and enclosed beach area, and the Pier itself makes a half-circular shape nearly 1/4 of a miile out innto the gulf before turning and coming around back to shore on the other side.

Omsford Investigation - Owner Requiem Omsford
Omsford Investigations is located approx. 3 miles west of the symp, in an area of woods

Slim Dough Records - Owner Zachary Blade (SN TheTrueSlimShady)
My character Zachary Blade owns "Slim Dough Records" which is located at 1100 Rosewood. It is a recording firm for new artists. 

Celestial Wanderings - Owner  D Cassy Lannier  Celestial Wanderings is located in the middle of a group of brownstones on main St. 13 to be exact. I always rp'd it that a college, local or something never got specific, was nearby.... some school anyway...

Civitas Dei - Temple and North Swampside


