
The ebony chariot landed.

The horses whinnied in their high pitch tone as they winded down to rest.

The bronzed god walked down from his divine platform to join the mortals that would welcome him to this new land.

There was another chariot awaiting him, this one being carried by four horses and traversed the ground.  It was opened and awaiting his directions.

His will was never questioned.

Those that questioned his will met with pain and great agony, eternities of torment and anguish.

       He awoke with a start, sitting bolt upright as the silk sheets clung to his damp sweat covered body.  His head was buzzing with the remnants of the dream his head swimming in a thick pool, thoughts roaming around like they were swimming in molasses.  The buzzing got louder and he reached up to clamp his hands over his ears, trying to keep out the madness.  The buzz evolved though, changing into something more like a ring, spaced out into intervals, then fading altogether.

       Turning around he let his feet touch the floor, peeling the sheets from him and tossing them to the floor.  These dreams came every night, and sometimes he would wake up in places that he didn't recognize.  He knew what caused this, and he fought it with every waking breath, he would learn powers to draw out this darker half and bind it, force it to do his bidding and fuel him even more than his already strong soul could.

       A deep groan was the only sound made as he stood and walked through the pitch black apartment.  The scant furnishings were memorized so it was easy for him to maneuver the place without sight.  Once at his destination he opened the door and reached up to grab the object he was seeking, then holding it in the right spot he turned on the spicket and filled the glass with nice cold water.  With a sigh of relief he drinks down the glass of liquid and relaxes a moment, trying to force the strange dreams from his mind.

       He was new to this place, this Isle Voletta.  He had tried to find the address listed in the book he found, but it didn't seem to exist.  The town was here, but the street wasn't and the name was unheard of.  Each clue led to a dead end, all he had was some book of magic and a town, so he waited, certainly something would happen.

       

